---
title: Theresian Awards
permalink: /theresian-family/students/theresian-awards/
description: ""
---

<p><strong>Academic Awards for Sec 4 Exp / 4 N(T) / 5 N(A)</strong></p>
<p><strong><u>Theresian Shield Award<br /></u></strong>This award recognises the student who has demonstrated all the 4 Theresian values of Love,&nbsp;Truth, Justice and Freedom in her pursuit of all round excellence. She must have:</p>
<ul>
<li>as an exemplary learner and leader, demonstrated competency in the learner and&nbsp;leader traits of the Portrait of the Theresian Girl;</li>
<li>achieved aggregate L1R5 &le; 8 points (4Exp) or ELMAB3 &le; 7 points [4N(A)] or at least&nbsp;2 As &amp; 1 B (4NT)], in addition to emergin g top in the respective GCE examinations;</li>
<li>awarded the CCA Colours Award.</li>
</ul>
<p><u><strong>Valedictorian Award</strong></u> (Valedictorian awardee will also receive Principal&rsquo;s Award)<br />This award recognises the student who has demonstrated all the 4 Theresian values of&nbsp;Love,&nbsp;Truth, Justice and Freedom&nbsp;in her pursuit of academic excellence. She must have:</p>
<ul>
<li>as an exemplary learner and leader, demonstrated competency in the learner and leader&nbsp;traits of the Portrait of the Theresian Girl;</li>
<li>achieved at least 7 A1s in the GCE &lsquo;O&rsquo; Level Examination.</li>
</ul>
<p><u><strong>Principal&rsquo;s Award<br /></strong></u>This award recognises the student who has demonstrated all the 4 Theresian values of Love,&nbsp;Truth, Justice and Freedom in her pursuit of&nbsp;<u>academic excellence</u>. She must have:</p>
<ul>
<li>as an exemplary learner and leader, demonstrated competency in the learner and leader&nbsp;traits of the Portrait of the Theresian Girl;</li>
<li>achieved aggregate L1R5 &le; 8 points (4Exp) or ELMAB3 &le; 7 points [4N(A)] or at least&nbsp;2 As &amp;1B (4NT), in addition to emerging top in the respective GCE examinations.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Academic Awards for All Levels<br /></strong><u><strong>Theresian Rosebud Award<br /></strong></u>This award recognises students who have demonstrated the Theresian values of Love,&nbsp;Truth, Justice and Freedom in her academic pursuit. She must have shown improvement&nbsp;in at least 5 subjects.<br /><u><strong>Selection Process<br /></strong></u>Selection is done at the end of Semester 1 after the mid-year examination.<br />Eligibility Criteria:1. Nominees should have displayed the Theresian values of Love and Truth in their academic pursuits.<br />2. They should have shown improvement in results (CA1 vs SA1) in at least 5 subjects in Semester 1.<br />3. They should have demonstrated at least two of the following &lsquo;learner&rsquo; learning outcomes of the Theresian<br />Portrait:<br />&bull; Self-directed<br />&bull; Resilient<br />&bull; Participates / Contributes actively during lessons</p>
<p><strong>Service Awards for Sec 4Exp / 4NT / 5NA<br /></strong><u><strong>Life of Service - Father Barre Award for Student<br /></strong></u>This award recognises the Theresian Student Leader who has demonstrated all the</p>
<p>4 Theresian values of&nbsp;<strong>Love, Truth, Justice and Freedom</strong>&nbsp;in her pursuit to be a person for&nbsp;God and for others. She must have:<br />&bull; as a Theresian Student Leader, led at least one self-initiated project for the betterment of community;<br />&bull; as an exemplary learner and leader, demonstrated competency in the learner and leader traits of the Portrait of the Theresian Girl;</p>
<p><strong><u>Excellence in Leadership Award<br /></u></strong>This award for excellence in Leadership recognises Theresian Student Leaders who<br />have demonstrated all the 4 Theresian values of Love, Truth, Justice and Freedom in<br />her pursuit to be a person for God and for others. She must have:<br />&bull; as a Theresian Student Leader, completed at least 2 Student Leadership Programme modules and facilitated as a leader in at least one;<br />&bull; as an exemplary learner and leader, demonstrated competency in the learner and leader traits of the Portrait of the Theresian Girl.</p>
<p><u>Excellence in Sports - Annabel Pennefather Award<br /></u>This award for excellence in Sports recognises the student who has demonstrated all the 4&nbsp;Theresian values of Love, Truth, Justice and Freedom particularly in the arena of Sports.&nbsp;She must have:<br />&bull; participated in inter-school sports or Inter-class games;<br />&bull; attained Gold award in NAPFA;<br />&bull; been awarded the Zone Colours;<br />&bull; represented 1 sport at state level;<br />&bull; demonstrated competency in both the learner and leader traits of the Portrait of the Theresian Girl.</p>
<p><u>Excellence in Hockey - Melanie Martens Award<br /></u>(The student may also be eligible for Annabel Pennefather Award)<br />This award for excellence in Hockey recognises the student who has demonstrated all the 4 Theresian values of Love, Truth, Justice and Freedom particularly in the arena of Hockey. She must have:<br />&bull; represented school in Hockey at zonal or national level<br />&bull; represented National Schools&rsquo; Hockey Team<br />&bull; demonstrated competency in the learner and leader traits of the Portrait of the<br />Theresian Girl.</p>
<p><u><strong>CCA Colours Award<br /></strong></u>This award for outstanding contribution in CCA recognises students who have demonstrated all the 4 Theresian values of Love, Truth, Justice and Freedom particularly in the arena of CCAs.<br />Recipients must have:<br />&bull; demonstrated competency in the learner and leader traits of the Portrait of the Theresian Girl AND achieved at least one of these<br />&bull; represented National Schools;<br />&bull; high level of achievement in National Schools&rsquo; Competition<br />- Top 4 position at zone level (Team)<br />- Played at the Finals (Individual) or<br />- Attained at least a Silver award at SYF Central Judging<br />&bull; high standard of performance / rank<br />e.g. Staff Sergeant, Drum Major, President of CCA group, Achieved Gold Badge etc.</p>
<p><strong>Service Awards for All Levels</strong></p>
<p><u><strong>Theresian Heart Award<br /></strong></u>This award recognises students who work with others for the promotion of truth, justice, freedom and love. She demonstrates the Theresian values of Love, Truth, Justice and Freedom.</p>
<p><u><strong>Selection Process<br /></strong></u>Selection is done twice a year, near the end of each Semester.</p>
<p><u><strong>Eligibility Criteria<br /></strong></u>&bull; Nominees should have displayed the Theresian Values of Justice and Freedom.<br />&bull; They should have demonstrated at least one of the following &lsquo;leader&rsquo; learning outcomes in the Portrait of the Theresian Girl &ndash; an active contributor or a concerned citizen modelling a sense of belonging to class, school or country.</p>
<p><u><strong>&lsquo;Light on the Hill&rsquo; Award<br /></strong></u>This termly award recognises the Theresian who has, in her little ways, been a light to&nbsp;others. It is an award that catches the student doing right in her daily interactions with&nbsp;others.</p>
<p><u><strong>Selection Process<br /></strong></u>Selection is done once a term by the Form teacher who will be present on stage to present a short citation for his/her awardee.</p>