---
title: The Theresian Code of Conduct
permalink: /theresian-family/students/student-handbook/the-theresian-code-of-conduct/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Student Handbook
---
<p><strong>As Lady, a person who promotes Love, Truth, Justice &amp; Freedom,<br /></strong><strong>I show faith in God<br /></strong>1. by remembering God's holy presence throughout the day especially during moments of silence and by constantly turning to God in prayer, throughout the day, to seek His guidance<br />2. by cultivating the Spirit of Faith which enables me to recognise and to revere God's presence in each person that I meet and in every event in my life<br />3. by reverently participating in prayer if my religion permits. Otherwise I will pray silently in my own faith and behave respectfully while others are at prayer</p>
<p><strong>I show love for my family<br /></strong>4. by according the due love and respect to my family members<br />5. by giving my best in my responsibilities at home</p>
<p><strong>I show love and pride for my School and Class<br /></strong>6. by showing due respect to the symbols of my school: The School Crest, School Flag, School Song and School Uniform<br />7. by projecting a positive image as a school ambassador through good behaviour and proper attire<br />8. by generously lending a helping hand and showing respect to all members of my school community, including non-teaching staff<br />9. by taking a personal interest and pride in the cleanliness of my classroom and the school grounds<br />10. by respecting and abiding by school rules and class ground rules<br />11. by giving my best in my responsibilities in class and in school</p>
<p><strong>I promote love, truth, justice and freedom in all I act, speak, think and feel.</strong></p>
<p><strong>As&nbsp;<u>Learner</u></strong>,&nbsp;<br /><strong>I show that I am a self-directed and future-ready student who is committed to lifelong learning<br /></strong>12. by thinking creatively and critically<br />13. by communicating and collaborating effectively<br />14. by actively learning ICT and problem-solving skills</p>
<p><strong>As&nbsp;<u>Leader</u></strong>,&nbsp;<br /><strong>I show that I am an active contributor &amp; a concerned citizen who is rooted to Singapore<br /></strong>15. by showing due respect to the symbols of my nation: My President, State Flag, National Anthem and Pledge<br />16. by actively participating during flag-raising: If I am a Singapore citizen, I will sing the National Anthem and recite the Pledge with my clenched right fist placed over my heart<br />17. by respecting and abiding by the laws of the nation<br />18. by modelling a sense of belonging to class, school and country<br />19. by advocating racial and religious harmony and appreciating diversity<br />20. by contributing to the betterment of community and environment, with special reference to the disadvantaged</p>