---
title: Direct School Admission (DSA)
permalink: /direct-school-admission-dsa/
description: ""
---
<p>Every school is distinctive with unique strengths to cater to its profile of students.<br />CHIJ St. Theresa&rsquo;s Convent has two programmes which are recognised by the Ministry of Education as the school&rsquo;s Distinctive Programmes. In line with this, CHIJ St. Theresa&rsquo;s Convent invites current Primary Six students who seek to bring out the best in themselves through our Distinctive Programmes to join the school through the 2021 Direct School Admission &ndash; Secondary (DSA-SEC) Exercise.</p>
<p>Parents and students are encouraged to choose schools wisely based on the student&rsquo;s aptitudes and strengths, bearing in mind the schools&rsquo; academic and non-academic requirements, and the programmes available to develop the area of talent.</p>
<p>Students who are successfully admitted to the school via DSA are expected to honour their commitment to the school, and participate in the activities related to the talent they are selected for from year 1-4.</p>
<p><strong>Distinctive Programme 1:<br /></strong><strong>Applied Learning Programme (ALP):&nbsp;</strong><em>Education For Life (EFL): Developing Portable Skills through and for Real World Problem Solving</em></p>
<p>EFL is the school&rsquo;s flagship programme for the integration of 21<sup>st</sup>&nbsp;century learning into both the curriculum and co-curriculum. This&nbsp;<u>inter-disciplinary</u>&nbsp;programme comprises 4 modules for Express and NT students and 5 modules for NA students, with each module being deployed at each grade level of the student&rsquo;s 4 or 5 years with the school. The curricular component involves the explicit learning of Problem Solving, Research and Communication Skills during curriculum time for Sec 1, 2 and 3. The assessment of these skills are integrated into curriculum subjects after the students complete the compulsory learning journeys which could include day excursions, camps, retreats and service learning expeditions which can be local or overseas, depending on the grade level of the student.</p>
<p><strong>Distinctive Programme 2</strong><strong>:<br /></strong><strong>Learning for Life Programme (LLP):</strong><em>Developing Self-directed, Confident and Resilient Leaders, Learners and Ladies through Sports &amp; Hockey</em></p>
<p>CHIJ St. Theresa&rsquo;s Convent hopes to build on its unique strengths in Hockey to develop Theresians who are self-directed, confident and resilient leaders, learners and ladies through sports. Through the Hockey Programme and the Physical and Sports Education Programme, we hope to foster a school culture that embraces sports, a culture that seeks to strengthen the character and resilience of Theresians through an active lifestyle for lifelong learning.</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="/others/direct-school-admission-dsa/direct-school-admission-dsa">DSA Admission Criteria</a></li>
<li><a href="/others/direct-school-admission-dsa/direct-school-admission-dsa">DSA Application Process</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="/others/direct-school-admission-dsa/direct-school-admission-dsa">Programmes, activities and/or opportunities for successful DSA applicants</a></li>
<li><a href="/others/direct-school-admission-dsa/direct-school-admission-dsa">DSA Selection Process</a></li>
<li><a href="/others/direct-school-admission-dsa/direct-school-admission-dsa">Key Dates for DSA</a></li>
</ul>
<p>Click&nbsp;<a href="/theresian-education/applied-learning-programme-alp">here</a>&nbsp;to find out more information about our ALP-Education for Life Programme<br />Click&nbsp;<a href="/theresian-education/learning-for-life-programme-llp">here</a>&nbsp;to find out more information about our LLP &ndash; Developing Self-directed, Confident &amp; Resilient Leaders, Learners and Ladies through Sports</p>