---
title: Terms of Use
permalink: /terms-of-use/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p>Thank you for visiting&nbsp;<a href="https://chijsttheresasconvent.moe.edu.sg/" target="">chijsttheresasconvent.moe.edu.sg</a>&nbsp;(“this Website”). By accessing and using this Website, you shall be deemed to have accepted to be legally bound by these Terms of Use (“Terms”). If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use this Website.</p>
<p><strong>General<br></strong>These Terms may be changed from time to time. Changes will be posted on this page and your use of this Website after such changes have been posted will constitute your agreement to the modified Terms and all of the changes.</p>
<p><strong>Proprietary Rights<br></strong>This Website is maintained and owned by CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent.</p>
<p>The materials located on this Website including the information and software programs (“the Contents”), are protected by copyright, trademark and other forms of proprietary rights. All rights, title and interest in the Contents are owned by, licensed to or controlled by CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent.</p>
<p><strong>Restrictions on Use of Materials<br></strong>Except as otherwise provided, the Contents of this Website shall not be reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or otherwise distributed in any way, without the prior written permission of CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent. To use any parts of the contents of this Website, the user must seek permission in writing, stating the contents for use; intent of use; manner of use; time frame of use and identity of the user. We reserve the right to refuse permission without declaring reason(s); and/or if information submitted by user is deemed insufficient.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Modification of any of the Contents or use of the Contents for any other purpose will be a violation of CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent’s copyright and other intellectual property rights. Graphics and images on this Website are protected by copyright and may not be reproduced or appropriated in any manner without written permission of CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent.</p>
<p><strong>Right of Access<br></strong>The accessibility and operation of this Website relies on technologies outside CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent’s control. CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent does not guarantee continuous accessibility or uninterrupted operation of this Website.&nbsp;</p>
<p>CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent reserves all rights to deny or restrict access to this Website to any particular person, or to block access from a particular external address to this Website, at any time, without ascribing any reasons whatsoever.</p>
<p><strong>Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability<br></strong>The Contents of this Website are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind. To the fullest extent permitted by law, CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent does not warrant and hereby disclaims any warranty:&nbsp;</p>
<div style="padding-left: 40px;">(a) as to the accuracy, correctness, reliability, timeliness, non-infringement, title, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose of the Contents of this Website;</div>
<div style="padding-left: 40px;">&nbsp;</div>
<div style="padding-left: 40px;">(b) that the Contents available through this Website or any functions associated therewith will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects will be corrected or that this Website and the server is and will be free of all viruses and/or other harmful elements.&nbsp;</div>
<p>CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent shall also not be liable for any damage or loss of any kind caused as a result (direct or indirect) of the use of this Website, including but not limited to any damage or loss suffered as a result of reliance on the Contents contained in or available from this Website.</p>
<p><strong>Links to External Websites<br></strong>This Website contains hyperlinks to external websites which are not maintained by CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent. CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent is not responsible for the availability or contents of the external websites and shall not be liable for any damages or loss arising from access to the external websites. Use of the hyperlinks and access to such external websites are entirely at your own risk.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Hyperlinks to external websites are provided as a convenience. In no circumstances shall CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent be considered to be associated or affiliated with any trade or service marks, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on the external websites to which this Website is linked.&nbsp;</p>
<p>CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent reserves all rights to disable any links to, or frames of any site containing inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topics, names, material or information, or material or information that violates any written law, any applicable intellectual property, proprietary, privacy or publicity rights.</p>
<p><strong>Links to This Website<br></strong>In no circumstances shall CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent be considered to be associated or affiliated in whatever manner with any trade or service marks, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on other websites that link to this Website or any of the Contents.&nbsp;</p>
<p>CHIJ St. Theresa’s Convent reserves the right to disable any unauthorised links or frames and disclaims any responsibility for the content available on any other site reached by links to or from this Website or any of the Contents.</p>
<p><strong>Governing Law<br></strong>These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with laws of the Republic of Singapore.</p>